background           = default default
frame                = default default
window_title         = default default
directory            = blue    default
selected_directory   = magenta black   bold
file                 = yellow  default bold
selected_file        = white   black
marked_file          = cyan    default bold
marked_selected_file = white   black
info                 = default default
selected_info        = default black   bold
marked_info          = default default bold
marked_selected_info = default black   bold
status               = default default
title                = default default
state                = default default
current_time         = white   default bold
playlist             = yellow  default bold
selected_playlist    = white   black
time_left            = white   default bold
total_time           = white   default bold
time_total_frames    = white   default
sound_parameters     = white   default bold
legend               = white   default
disabled             = default default bold
enabled              = white   default bold
empty_mixer_bar      = white   default
filled_mixer_bar     = black   yellow
empty_time_bar       = white   default
filled_time_bar      = black   yellow
entry                = white   default
entry_title          = black   cyan
error                = red     default
message              = green   default
plist_time           = white   default
